                                                                                                          case study




Level39 Uses Zoom Rooms to Enhance Collaboration for
their 200+ Member Technology Companies
                                                  Customer
 Customer: Level39, a world-class tech
                                                  Level39 is a world-class technology community and incubator
 community and incubator with over 200
                                                  that supports high-tech, global companies which is located in
 resident technology startups & scaleups.
                                                  Canary Wharf, London’s biggest financial hub and a major centre
 Challenge: Needed conference rooms               for technology startups.
 that let the 200+ resident companies share       Founded in 2013, on the 39th floor of the iconic One Canada
 content wirelessly, invite global participants   Square skyscraper with just six member startups, Level39 has
 remotely, have a self-service approach, and
                                                  expanded to three floors and has over 200 member startups and
 not require end users to register or pay.
                                                  scaleups from a wide range of sectors and have hosted over 1000
 Solution: Zoom Rooms’ had all the video
                                                  events in tech-related industries.
 conferencing, collaboration & wireless           Level39 provides access to a large vibrant technology community,
 screen technology features required, was         ecosystem activity with mentor and investor partners, co-working
 hardware agnostic and had an affordable          & dynamic office spaces, meeting rooms and event spaces.
 pricing point.
                                                  Level39’s member base is high tech companies from all sectors,
 Result: Level39’s Zoom Rooms are most            their member base includes companies who are involved in
 popular due to its many one click features.      FinTech, cybersecurity, PropTech, HealthTech, blockchain, smart
 It’s being used for podcasts, product            cities technologies, productivity tools, creative industries, virtual
 demos, recruitment interviews, remote            reality and many other industries. Members of Level39 include
 training sessions, and video tutorials.          Revolut, Ripple, Tesla, eToro and the Shenzhen government.



                                                  Challenge

                                                  Level39 places huge importance pushing the boundaries of
                                                  innovation in their services. As they expanded, Level39 wanted
                                                  meeting rooms that could allow their members to increase
                                                  productivity, the best way to do this was to make a meeting room
                                                  that allowed for secure connectivity with external participants,
                                                  collaborative annotations and wireless screen sharing of laptops,
mobiles and tablets.

Level39 wanted a solution that would cut costs, be easy to use, requires end users to not need to login or
pay for any services (host and participants), and create a unique experience. After looking through possible
solutions, the team chose Zoom Rooms for its compatibility with off-the-shelf hardware, reliability, and cost
effectiveness. Zoom’s competitors were too license heavy, wouldn’t work well with off-the-shelf-hardware and
couldn’t properly support dual and triple screen experiences.



Solution

Level39’s deployment of Zoom Rooms could not have been easier. “I’m a huge techie and wanted to create
Zoom Rooms with the best hardware and experience for our end users.

The whole process was so simple as Zoom Rooms is software driven, its plug and play making it super easy
to setup and the end result is an extremely advanced conference and collaboration room where people can
record their meetings, share their screens and invite visitors all via one click processes.

With the money for one traditional room, we could make six or seven Zoom Rooms, we didn’t have to deal
with middle partners or suppliers, I was just able to get off the shelf hardware and connect it to zoom in a few
clicks, we’ve saved huge sums on custom hardware and licenses and Zoom keep releasing great features, now
attendees can join rooms directly from a web browser!

A key decision feature was that Zoom’s support team know their product inside out and are always available, I
was surprised at how quickly I got a response from Zooms support team via email or live chat.” says Qaunain
Meghjee, Head of Systems & Technology at Level39.

Thanks to Zoom’s affordable and user-friendly software platform, Level39 was able to focus more on creating
a unique meeting room experience. “Zoom didn’t rely on any specific hardware, so we really went all out on
customisation and interior design. With the money saved, we were able to put in a patterned floor consisting
of wood, vinyl and carpet, reconstruct the walls to integrate colour changing vertical lighting, modify a glass wall
on one side create a brandable third logo screen so users can tailor their meetings to their company brand..
Zoom Rooms is also simpler and cleaner looking than our other rooms. The power sockets and USB ports were
built into the table, making it less cluttered. We just have the iPad on the table to control the Zoom Room. Our
members who consist of over 1250 individuals have been using this room for over a year without any training
or instructions” says Qaunain Meghjee.



Result

Since deployment, Level39’s Zoom Rooms have become the most popular and most booked meeting rooms
by their members. In addition to collaborative meetings, members use the Zoom Rooms for everything from
interviews and international board meetings to podcasting and product demo sessions.

Because so many of Level39’s partners are global companies and growth stage companies, they use Zoom
Rooms for international interviews and meetings, cutting back on time and resources spent flying candidates
to and from locations. The Zoom Rooms’ rear screen can display company logos allowing partners to enforce
their branding during meetings. Zoom Rooms’ easy screen sharing between devices has also been perfect for
companies demoing products and applications.

The Zoom Rooms’ excellent audio and video quality has fostered creative development as well. “Our partners
have been using the Zoom Rooms for video recordings and podcasting, we never thought the room would
double up as a studio! We were planning on making a separate podcast studio, but it turns out people have
been using our Zoom Rooms to make podcasts. The audio and video is already studio-quality, and with Zoom’s
recording, the podcasts are automatically rendered after a session,” says Qaunain Meghjee.

Level39 won the opportunity to host the United Kingdom’s official and only Cyber Demonstration Centre, the
tech stack of Zoom Rooms powers this facility as it allows for secure local and remote product demos, on
multiple screens via wireless screen sharing of laptops, mobiles and tablets in a universal way. “This facility and
program allows cyber security companies from the UK to collaborate with their stakeholders in an advanced
way. It’s been featured in the media many times,” says Qaunain Meghjee.

For their next steps, Level39 plans on using Zoom Rooms Digital Signage to empower wireless screens sharing
for their ecosystem mentoring sessions and is working with the Zoom API platform to incorporate self-generating
Zoom Rooms conference codes for a meeting room portal which Qaunain has recently launched.




                                                                                                                  About Zoom
                                                               Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications,
                                                                        with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio
                                                            conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room
                                                               systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference
                                                            room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle,
                                                                and training rooms, as well as executive offices and classrooms.
                                                              Founded in 2011, Zoom helps businesses and organizations bring
                                                                 their teams together in a frictionless environment to get more
                                                               done. Zoom is a private company headquartered in San Jose, CA.
