13th November 2024

STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE
Report of the Corporate Director of Place

Classification: Unrestricted

Application for Planning Permission
Reference

PA/24/01241

Site

Levels 48 & 49, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5AB

Ward

Canary Wharf

Proposal

Change of use from Use Class E(g)(i) (Office) to Flexible Use Class F1
(Learning and Non-Residential Institution) / Use Class E (g)(i) (Office).

Summary
Recommendation

Grant planning permission, subject to conditions.

Applicant

Canary Wharf Management Limited

Agent

Spring Planning Ltd

Case Officer

Nick Graves

Key dates

-

Application registered as valid on 18/07/2024.
Letters sent to neighbours on 29/07/2024.
Site notice on 17/10/2024.
Press date on 24/10/2024.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The application proposes the change of use of levels 48 and 49 of One Canada Square from
office floorspace (Class E(g)(i)) to a flexible use comprising the provision of education (Class
F1 - Learning and Non-Residential Institution) / office use.
The intended occupant is University College London (UCL) School of Management. In 2016
UCL School of Management moved to Level 38 of One Canada Square, further expanding in
2020 to Level 50. Due to continued success and growth of the school, it is now at full capacity
and needs to expand to accommodate increased demand. It is therefore proposed that levels
48 and 49 would accommodate the expansion of the school and be refurbished internally,
providing staff offices, teaching and learning spaces.
This application is reported to the Strategic Development Committee as the proposal is a
departure from the Development Plan and the change of use is to floor space exceeding 2,500
sq. metres.
This application is referable to the Greater London Authority under Category 3E of the Schedule
to the Town and Country Planning (Mayor of London) Order 2008: ‘Development – a) which
does not accord with one or more provisions of the development policies force in the area in
which the application site is situated; and b) comprises or includes the provision of more than
2,500sq.m of floor space for a use falling within any of the classes in the Use Classes Order –
xi) class D1 (non-residential institutions).

This application has been considered against the Council’s approved planning policies
contained in the Tower Hamlets Local Plan 2031 (2020) as well as the London Plan (2021), the
National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF, 2023) and all other material considerations.
The proposal would result in the net loss of 4,138sqm of office floorspace. This loss, within a
‘Primary Preferred Office Location’ (PPOL), is not normally supported. However, in this specific
instance, it is considered to be acceptable as the proposal would not undermine the supply of
office floor space within the Canary Wharf PPOL. In addition, a higher educational use is
considered a strategic ‘Central Activities Zone’ use. An educational provision of this type is also
consistent with the uses that would be expected to be found within a Metropolitan Town Centre.

SITE PLAN

Crown copyright and database rights 2018 Ordnance Survey, London Borough of
Tower Hamlets 100019288
Planning Applications Site Map
PA/24/01241
This site map displays the Planning
Application Site Boundary and the
extent of the area within which
neighbouring occupiers / owners were
consulted as part of the Planning
Scale
: 50mProcess
grid squares
Application

London
Borough of
Tower
Hamlets
Date: 01
November
2024

AERIAL VIEW OF THE SITE

N

1

SITE AND SURROUNDINGS

1.1

The application site comprises levels 48 and 49 of One Canada Square. The two floors provide
4,138sqm of office floorspace (Class E(g)(i)) and are currently vacant.

1.2

The site lies within the Canary Wharf Metropolitan Town Centre, the Isle of Dogs Opportunity
Area and the Northern Isle of Dogs (NIOD) Central Activities Zone (CAZ). Canary Wharf is
designated as a Primary Preferred Office Location (PPOL).

1.3

One Canada Square lies in the heart of Canary Wharf. It contains commercial uses at basement
and ground floors and 50 floors of predominantly office space above, however levels 38 and 50
are in education use (Use Class F1) and are currently occupied by University College London
(UCL). In total One Canada Square provides over 115,000sqm of floorspace.

1.4

The site is located close to Canary Wharf Underground and DLR stations and has a Public
Transport Access Level of 6a (on a scale of 0-6b, with 6b best).

2

PROPOSAL

2.1

The applicant seeks permission for the change of use of levels 48 and 49 from Use Class E(g)
(i) (Office) to Flexible Use Class F1 (Learning and Non-Residential Institution)/ Use Class E
(g)(i) (Office).

2.2

The intended occupier is University College London (UCL) School of Management, who also
currently occupy levels 38 and 50. UCL have submitted a letter in support of the application
confirming their intention to occupy the space. The proposal site would accommodate the
expansion of the school and would provide a mixture of office space and teaching and
learning space.

2.3

The proposal site could accommodate up to 150 full time equivalent (FTE) employees and 420
FTE students. The proposal would provide 151 cycle parking spaces within the basement of
One Canada Square, in part by utilising the existing 55 spaces already allocated to levels 48
and 49.

3

RELEVANT PLANNING HISTORY

3.1

PA/19/02217 – Change of use (50th Floor) from Office (Use Class B1) to Non-Residential
Institution (Use Class D1). Permitted 28/01/2020.

3.2

PA/17/03186 - Change of use of Room 21 (37th floor) at One Canada Square from a B1 office
use to allow a Dual B1/D1 use of the room as a doctor's office from where they can also carry
out GP consultations. Permitted 07/02/2018.

3.3

PA/15/01229 - Change of use (38th Floor), One Canada Square from Class B1 (Business) to
Class D1 (Non Residential Institution). Permitted 23/07/2015.

3.4

PA/11/02661 - Change of use (10th Floor) classification from B1 (office use) to dual B1 (office
use) and D1 (non-residential institutional use). Permitted 28/11/2011.

3.5

PA/06/00417 - Change of use to part of 6th floor from offices (B1) to education (D1). Permitted
15/05/2006.

3.6

PA/99/01080 - Change of use of part 5th floor from offices to medical clinic/ consultancy.
Permitted 19/10/1999.

4

PUBLICITY AND ENGAGEMENT

4.1

Nearby occupiers/owners were notified of the application by post on 29/07/2024. A site notice
was displayed on 17/10/2024 and a press notice was published in the local press on
24/10/2024.

4..2

No letters of representation were received in response to this consultation.

5

CONSULTATION RESPONSES

5.1

The application was submitted to the following consultees for comment and comments
received are summarised below.

5.2

Greater London Authority
The proposal does not raise any new strategic planning issues.

5.3

Transport for London (TfL)
No objections.
After reviewing the latest version of the Transport Statement, I have no further questions on trip
generation and considered that the proposed development would not cause a material impact
to local public transport services over and above the existing/ permitted development.

5.4

LBTH Transportation & Highways
This proposal is required to be car-free. Neither staff nor students are permitted to use the onsite car park except where accessibility bays are required
Cycle Parking
The requirement for this proposal as per 150 Staff and 420 Students is: Long stay – Total of 91
cycle parking spaces Short stay – Total of 60 cycle parking spaces. The applicant should provide
5% of the total cycle provisions for larger and / or adapted cycles in this case 8 large cycle
parking spaces are required.
Travel Plan
The applicant is required to provide a travel plan to ensure that there are no significant impacts
on the public highway, and we request that travel pack are included for each student and details
should be included in the travel plan encouraging the use of sustainable travel to and from the
site. This will need to be secured via condition.

6

RELEVANT PLANNING POLICIES AND DOCUMENTS

6.1

Legislation requires that decisions on planning applications must be taken in
accordance with the Development Plan unless there are material considerations that indicate
otherwise.

6.2

In this case the Development Plan comprises: The London Plan (2020) and the Tower
Hamlets Local Plan 2031 (2020).
The key development plan policies relevant to the proposal are:

6.3

Land Use (town centre hierarchy, central activities zone, offices, education)
London Plan: S1, S3, SD4, E1, E8.
TH Local Plan: S.SG1, S.EMP1, D.EMP3, S.TC1, S.CF1, D.CF3.
Amenity (noise and disturbance)
London Plan: D3, D14
TH Local Plan: D.DH8
Transport & Highways (sustainable transport, highway safety, car and cycle parking,
servicing)
London Plan: T5, T6
TH Local Plan: S.TR1, D.TR2, D.TR3, D.TR4
Waste (waste servicing, refuse and recycling storage)
London Plan: D.MW3
TH Local Plan: SI 7
6.4

Other policy and guidance documents relevant to the proposal are:
- National Planning Policy Framework (2023)
- National Planning Practice Guidance (as updated)
- LBTH Reuse, Recycling and Waste SPD (2021)
- Transport for London, London Cycling Design Standards (2014).
- LBTH Employment Land Review (2023)

7

PLANNING ASSESSMENT

7.1

The key issues raised by the proposed development are:
i. Land Use
ii. Amenity
iii. Transport & Highways
iv. Waste & Servicing
Land Use

7.2

The proposal would result in the loss of 4,138sqm of office floorspace on Levels 48 and 49.
According to the applicants Planning Statement both floors have been marketed since they
were vacated by previous tenants in December 2021, although no evidence has been
submitted to support this claim.

7.3

Local Plan Policy D.EMP3 states that development resulting in the net loss of employment
floorspace within Primary Preferred Office Locations (PPOL) will not be supported. The Local
Plan defines employment floorspace uses as offices, industrial and storage and distribution
facilities. As educational use falls outside this definition, the proposal would therefore conflict
with the stated purpose of Policy D.EMP3.

7.4

It should be noted however that levels 38 and 50 are already in use by UCL School of
Management, having undergone separate applications for changes of use to educational
floorspace in 2015 (PA/15/01229) and 2020 (PA/19/02217) respectively. It was recognised in
these previous permissions that the loss of office floorspace would be relatively small given One
Canada Square provides over 115,000sqm of floorspace in total. Therefore, when combined

with previous loss of office floorspace, the proposed 4,138sqm loss would still represent a
relatively small amount of floor space within the building.
7.5

Furthermore, within the Canary Wharf estate, there is an existing pipeline of consented office
space, including at the Wood Wharf development which alone will provide an additional
165,000sqm of office floorspace and North Quay, providing 150,000sqm of business
floorspace. Within this context, the proposed loss of office floorspace would not undermine
Canary Wharf’s essential role and functionality as a PPOL.

7.6

As well as being within the PPOL, the site lies within the Canary Wharf Metropolitan Town
Centre and the Central Activities Zone (CAZ). These designations have separate primary land
use functions for which other Development Plan polices apply. These will now be considered.

7.7

Canary Wharf was upgraded to a Metropolitan Town Centre in the London Plan (Policy SD8).
Metropolitan centres serve wide catchment areas which can extend over several boroughs
and into parts of the wider Southeast. These centres generally have very good accessibility
and significant employment, service and leisure functions. Many have important clusters of
civic, public and historic buildings. Local Plan policy S.SG1 states that the Boroughs’ Town
Centres will continue to be the focus of shopping, leisure, cultural and community activities.
Local Plan policy S.TC1 encourages development which promotes mixed use and multipurpose Town Centres. This underlines the importance of Canary Wharf as a place which
functions as a Town Centre of significant importance, in addition to its primary business
function. Additional educational floorspace at this site would be consistent with the uses that
would be expected to be found within a Metropolitan Centre.

7.8

The site is within the Central Activities Zone. The Northern Isle of Dogs (NIOD) is treated as
part of the CAZ in London Plan policy. The strategic functions of the CAZ outlined in London
Plan Policy SD4 include ‘centres of excellence for higher and further education and research’.
Part G of Policy SD4 states that the CAZ - as a centre of excellence and specialist clusters
including functions of state, health, law, education, creative and cultural activities - should be
supported and promoted. In regard to the role and function of the CAZ, Local Plan Policy
S.TC1 part 1 states the London Plan’s approach to development within the CAZ should be
applied.

7.9

Whilst it is acknowledged that the definition of ‘centre of excellence’ contains some element of
subjectivity, UCL was ranked ninth in the QS (Quacquarelli Symonds) World University
Rankings 2025 and is therefore considered one of the top global universities. The Research
Excellence Framework 2021 announced that the research undertaken at the UCL School of
Management has been rated as 'world-leading' and 'internationally excellent', placing the UCL
School of Management 2nd in the UK for Business and Management. It is as such considered
that with the proposed occupier, UCL, in place, the proposed use would be a centre for
excellence for higher education and research and therefore a strategic CAZ function, in
compliance with London Plan policy SD4.

7.10

As outlined in the submitted planning statement, the move to Canary Wharf is considered to
have been pertinent to the ongoing growth and success of the School of Management. As a
business and financial centre, being located within the heart of Canary Wharf has enabled
the School of Management to work with leading business and financial organisations which
has provided significant benefits in terms of the synergy with education. Academic staff are
using their research in the fields of AI and organisational behaviour to support organisations
such as the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and Thomson Reuters.

The proposed expansion of UCL’s School of Management within One Canada Square would
therefore continue to develop this collaboration with businesses in Canary Wharf and further
foster a centre of educational excellence in the locality.
7.11

The School of Management has successfully established a presence within Canary Wharf and
already occupies levels 38 and 50 within One Canada Square. Supporting its continued
expansion and success would be consistent with London Plan Policy E8 concerning ‘sector
growth opportunities and clusters’. Parts D and E of the policy state that ‘collaboration
between businesses, higher education providers and other relevant research and innovation
organisations should be encouraged’ and ‘London’s higher and further education providers
and their development across all parts of London should be promoted.’ Similarly, Local Plan
Policy S.CF1 seeks to maintain an adequate supply and range of community facilities across
the borough and supports development that seeks to maintain and enhance existing
community facilities. In addition, it notes that new community facilities will be directed towards
the boroughs Town Centres.

7.12

Finally, whilst the emerging development plan carries limited weight, the evidence base for the
emerging Canary Wharf PPOL policies can be taken as a “material consideration”. The
objectively assessed need for office floorspace comprises two elements, the existing stock of
office floorspace (both occupied and vacant) and need for new office floorspace projected by
the Employment Land Review (2023) for the emerging plan period. Within the Canary Wharf
PPOL and Fringe, the existing stock is estimated at 1.5m sqm. The projected need within the
Canary Wharf PPOL and Fringe is calculated by taking 86% of the borough-wide projection to
reflect that 86% of the office pipeline is located in Canary Wharf, then adding a buffer of 33% to
reflect the lack of certainty in the final 5 years of the 15-year plan period. This amounts to a
projected need for 243,380sqm of office floorspace during the plan period, and means that
development should not result in existing and pipeline office space falling below 1.75m sqm
within the Canary Wharf POL and Fringe. This proposal will not breach that threshold.
Conclusion

7.13

The proposed change of use of levels 48 and 49 to educational floorspace is considered
acceptable due the site-specific reasons set out above. The proposed loss of 4,138sqm of
office floorspace within the building would not undermine Canary Wharf’s essential role and
functionality as a PPOL. This acceptability is balanced with the acknowledgement that the
proposed use would be a strategic CAZ use and consistent with the uses that would be
expected to be found within a Metropolitan Town Centre. A higher educational use has
already been established at the site which is complementary to the function of Canary Wharf
as a business and financial centre. The evidence base supporting the emerging plan whilst
carrying limited weight also indicates that the proposal would not undermine the supply of
office floor space within the POL. Taken in the round, these benefits are considered to
outweigh the loss of office floor space within the POL.

7.14

For these reasons, the proposal is considered acceptable in terms of land use in compliance
with relevant Development Plan policies listed above. It is therefore considered appropriate for
the Council to make a departure from its Development Plan in this specific instance.
Amenity

7.15

Local Planning Policy D.DH8 requires that development does not unacceptably harm the
residential amenities of the neighbouring occupiers, in relation to privacy and overlooking,

daylight and sunlight, outlook and enclosure. Policy D.ES9 seeks to manage noise and
vibration from new development.
7.16

No extensions or external alterations are proposed to the host building. In any case, the site is
not immediately surrounded by buildings in residential use. The proposal would therefore
create no overlooking, daylight/sunlight or overbearing/sense of enclosure impacts towards
neighbours. Given the nature of the proposed educational use, which is not that dissimilar to
that of office use, the proposal would create no unacceptable noise impacts towards other
occupies within or surrounding One Canada Square.

7.17

The proposal would comply with Local Plan Policy D.DH8.
Transportation & Highways

7.18

The application site has a PTAL rating of 6a, indicating an ‘excellent’ level of accessibility to
public transport. No car parking provision is proposed and both staff and students are
expected to use alternative modes of transport to travel to and from the site which is
supported. It is noted that students/ staff would not be permitted to access the Canary Wharf
estate and park within the car park as they would need to pass a security checkpoint. In line
with Highways Officer comments, a travel plan will be secured by condition.

7.19

The proposal will provide 151 cycle parking spaces in compliance with the minimum long and
short stay cycle parking standards set out in London Plan Policy T5 and Local Plan Policy
D.TR3. The spaces will all be reassigned from the existing 405 space cycle store provided
within One Canada Square basement car park. The submitted Transport Statement states that
Canary Wharf Management Limited have confirmed that there are currently only 185 active
users of the 405-space cycle facility and therefore sufficient capacity exists to reallocate 151
spaces. The existing facility currently allocates 55 spaces to levels 48 and 49.

7.20

In line with highways officer comments, the proposal would ensure that 5% of the 151 cycle
spaces can be used by less mobile users. 8 of the 151 spaces will be replaced with 8 enlarged
accessible cycle parking spaces provided as 4 new Sheffield type stands. The final position of
the cycle parking spaces will be secured by condition.

7.21

The revised submitted Transport Statement has been updated to include the full multi-modal
trip generation forecast following comments by highways officers and TfL. The trip generation
assessment identifies that the proposed change of use to higher education use would result in
a net reduction in two-way person trips across the day and during peak periods as the arrivals
and departures of staff and students will be spread across longer periods, and not
concentrated within the morning and evening peak hour periods. The proposal will therefore
have no adverse impacts on the capacity of local transport networks, in compliance with Local
Plan Policy D.TR2.

7.22

Having regard to the above, the proposal would have an acceptable impact on the transport
and highway network.
Waste & Servicing

7.23

Delivery and servicing access for the proposal will be in accordance with the existing strategy
for the One Canada Square building.

7.24

Whilst no specific details relating to waste management have been included within the
application, the management and collection of waste on this site is the subject of a private
arrangement between Canary Wharf Group and their chosen contractors and as such this
application has no impact upon the Council’s waste management service. It is considered that

the existing waste storage facilities provided for One Canada Square will be able to
accommodate any waste generated by the proposed change of use.
Human Rights & Equalities
7.25

The proposal does not raise any unique human rights or equalities implications. The balance
between individual rights and the wider public interest has been carefully considered and
officers consider it to be acceptable.

7.26

The proposed development would not result in adverse impacts upon equality or social
cohesion.

8

RECOMMENDATION

8.1

That conditional planning permission is GRANTED.

8.2

That the Corporate Director of Place is delegated the power to impose conditions and
informatives to address the matters listed below and to add any other conditions and
informatives as necessary.

8.3

Planning Conditions
Compliance
1. Time limit for commencement
2. Development in accordance with approved plans
3. In relation to the F1 use, the premises shall only be used for the provision of education
(Use Class F1(a)) and for no other purposes within Use Class F1
Pre-Commencement of the F1 Use
4. Details of cycle storage provision
5. Travel Plan

APPENDIX 1
LIST OF APPLICATION PLANS AND DRAWINGS FOR APPROVAL

24064-DP-00 LEVEL 48 EXISTING PLAN
24064-DP-01 LEVEL 48 PROPOSED PLAN
24064-DP-02 LEVEL 49 EXISTING PLAN
24064-DP-03 LEVEL 49 PROPOSED PLAN
47203-CON-00001 SITE LOCATION PLAN
OCS CYCLE PARKING - RED LEVEL P1
OTHER APPLICATION DOCUMENTS

Transport Statement, prepared by Steer
Planning, Design and Access Statement, prepared by Spring Planning Ltd
Rapid Health Impact Assessment, prepared by Spring Planning Ltd
Letter in support, prepared by University College London

APPENDIX 2
SELECTION OF APPLICATION PLANS AND IMAGES

Image 1 – site location

Image 2 – existing & proposed level 48

Image 3 – existing & proposed level 49

Design theory

Image 4 – illustrative design theory

Image 5 – illustrative levels 48 & 49

